COMP.CS.110 Ohjelmointi 2: Rakenteet / Programming 2: Structures          
Project 4: Peli 2048 / Game 2048                                     

Description:
	Graphic user interface for game called 2048

	Rules briefly
	The purpose of the game is to achieve the goal value by moving numbertiles
	on the gameboard consisting of squares (4 x 4). Numbertiles with the same value
	merge into one with greater value on it. After every move a new numbertile pops up
	on the gameboard. If the whole gameboard becomes filled up before achieving the goal,
	the game ends.

	Structure of the program
	The program consists of modules: Gameboard, NumberTile and Mainwindow. Class GameBoard
	includes the data, functionality and execution of the gameboard. Class NumberTile includes
	the data, functionality and execution of a single tile on gameboard. Module Mainwindow 
	forms the graphic user interface. It is separated from the game functionality, but calls
	for other classes when needed.

	Instructions
	At the beginning the player must give the seed and goal values for game initialization.
	If the seed is not given or it is not an integer, the program generates the seed for
	distributing new tiles on the board. If the goal value is not given or it is not an integer
	or it is not a potens of 2, the default value (2048) is set. In these cases the player is
	infromed with messages.
		The game starts and the timer strats to run after clicking the ok button. After
	initializing the game it is not possible to use ok button anymore. New game is possible to start
	with the reset game button.	
		Keys W-A-S-D are used to move the numbertiles to wanted directions. It is possible to
	pause the timer by clicking the pause button. The keys are locked during the pause. The game
	continues after clicking the button again.
		It is possible to start a new game at any time by clicking the reset button. If new
	seed and goal values are set before reseting, the new game starts with those settings. The timer
	also resets.
		The player is informed with messages about winning or losing and by changing the background
	color. Also the timer stops. The keys and the pause button are locked. The player has options to start
	a new game or to close the mainwindow.		

Notes:
	Extra features
	2. Different tiles have different colors
	5. Game timer
	11. Checks if the given goal value is a potens of 2
	12. Changes the background-color of the mainwindow when winning or losing
	14. Pause functionality for the timer
		

Program author:
	Name: Salli Valkama                                      
	Student number:  150427834                               
	UserID: bmsava                                           
	E-Mail: salli.valkama@tuni.fi  

		
	

